don't make the same mistake as everyone
else I looked at the technical analysis
and I looked at the data and I am going
to present that to you today when we
look at the markets when we look at
what's happening with the economy
there's a clear disconnect I'm going to
show you what everyone seems to be
ignoring and yet it's right in front of
our face let's begin right here by
taking a look at our friends at the
Federal Reserve of course this
institution is incredibly important but
look at all the other countries the
actions they are taking and we start to
dig through all the pieces the market
came down on Wednesday's trading session
as a result of something that happened
I'll break that down right here if you
find it valuable simply hit that thumbs
up to support the channel let me show
you right here and now you can see feds
Colin says policy makers can proceed
cautiously on future rate hikes
essentially saying what we've heard
before from Jerome Powell and others
that they are probably near the end but
but they do not want a repeat of the
1970s and as a result are willing to
take this even further markets didn't
like that and they didn't like something
else as well I'll show you that also we
are going to look at several different
factors though and I want to show you
while yes this is key this is important
this is the clear driver there's
something people are forgetting to
acknowledge the plain and simple fact of
all of this is that the biggest concern
for investors right now is higher
interest rates they want to know that
not only will they stop increasing but
that they'll cut the Bank of Canada they
held it and they're hoping that the
Federal Reserve will do the same
commercial real estate is the real issue
and that is what I think needs to be
acknowledged I'll break that down for
you and guess where delinquencies are
rising can you take a guess this could
be in you know different types of debt
maybe that's car loans maybe that's
credit cards maybe that's student loans
maybe that's mortgage is where is the
big concern today we'll look at that as
well but I want you to guess if you can
we'll see who gets that correct let me
show you what's going on as well the
markets were a sea of red and I thought
it was important to acknowledge the fact
that this has come at a time in which
there's been a lot of bullishness but I
looked at the charts if you could see it
back here and on the daily chart we
moved into what's called bearish control
but zooming out there's still a lot of
bullishness out there and some of that
steam has been you know worn off which
of course markets love they love an
opportunity to go in and buy the
non-existent dip so that might be
complicated to some but let me tell you
I'm going to explain it all okay
overconfident markets paradoxically
transform brilliant future business
prospects into even more brilliant
current stock price levels Nvidia is
today's Exemplar of that genre a great
company priced Beyond Perfection all
right and essentially saying that hey
the market cap 1.2 trillion dollars this
is a safe play but don't make it appear
that way because they're really really
uh Running on Fumes right now when we
talk about the valuation that the market
has assigned to this one company and
that you know it's easy to pick on
Nvidia simply because it's multiplied in
price in such short period of time but
we have to know where the fundamentals
are and then we got to understand what
do we want to be trading and what do we
want to be investing in over the long
term these are two very different things
don't treat them the same
Roku stock jumps check this out after
company says it will lay off 10 of its
Workforce if there's one thing that the
stock market loves it's firing people
increasing productivity as they like to
call it so pay attention to what
companies are doing and why you might
get a big boost initially but is that
something that you want to see a company
that's continuously laying off people
fed to set the double its economic
growth forecast after strong U.S data
this is important this is what I wanted
to show you here it's that if they are
going to say everything is fine
everything is wonderful well then that
means according to the data that
everything is going to be okay if we
continue to raise interest rates or keep
them at these levels and that is
something the markets don't like all
right so in their beige book they talked
about a few things you know you know in
terms of the slowdown in terms of
recession or whatever but this happened
to be what they say right here the FED
now data I mean I just
there are different ones and basically
they try to this is the Atlanta fed
growth tracker
um they try to assess where things will
be in a short period of time they're
never accurate but the point is it shows
us over five percent growth how is the
US going to get to five percent growth
and Beyond which would be even better
than the surge that was experienced
after what went on in 2020 so I'm
dumbfounded I don't know if you can read
that Crystal Ball please let me know but
anyway
if things are strong that is a better
case to keep interest rates High you see
what I'm saying okay
now we need to talk about the obvious
commercial real estate commercial real
estate and this is important okay very
important for various reasons I just
want to touch on a few things quickly
higher stocks and job growth make
increases more likely so when we're
talking about this before we look at
this big issue of commercial real estate
understand that if the markets are doing
well if employment is okay you know all
these things one after another then it's
an excuse for the Federal Reserve to say
you know what we're going to leave
interest rates High
that would be devastating potential
impact to stocks but high risk
environment is where we're at so any
little dip they're willing to buy in
that's what I'm saying about um Nvidia
just one one particular stock but you
see that stocks come down by two percent
oh my goodness it's a discount
everything's on sale get in and buy this
is a high risk environment that we are
in right now there is no fear I don't
care about fear and greed index there is
no fear
there's some important stuff here
and it's important that we dig into this
as deep as we can I need to do a whole
video about it but
um for the time being let's cover
something
that I think is essential real estate
Doom Loop threatens America's Banks
Regional exposure to commercial real
estate is more substantial than it
appears uh oh now we have a problem I'm
going to tell you what you need to do at
the end of this episode so please stick
with me and remember if you're finding a
valuable just hit that thumbs up button
right now
it'll help me out a lot so I do
appreciate that now
you got to understand this I've been
talking about it for a while for a long
while and I've been highlighting up at
the commercial real estate particularly
when we had svb and the others start to
fall down well this was a big concern
and now we have more and more data
showing that this Bank crisis ain't over
yet here we go Bank o z k had two
branches in rural Arkansas when Chief uh
executive officer bought in 1979 this
Little Rock lender today has billions of
dollars of commercial real estate loans
including properties in Miami and
Manhattan where it helped fund
construction of a thousand foot tall
office and luxury uh residential Tower
in Fifth Avenue fantastic right okay
Regional Banks across the country
followed a similar Playbook gorging on
commercial real estate loans and related
investments in big cities over the past
decades with commercial real estate now
in a meltdown they're saying it's an
amount this is a Wall Street Journal
saying that I've said that before
this is the Wall Street Journal
this train is the dollars in loans and
Investments are a looming threat for the
banking industry and potentially the
broader economy bank's exposure is even
bigger than commonly reported the banks
are in danger of setting off a doom Loop
scenario where losses and the loans
trigger Banks to cut lending which leads
to further drops in property prices and
yet more losses Bank ozk hasn't pulled
back from lending but it has started to
see some signs of Market trouble and of
course we start to see the commercial
mortgage-backed Securities that all of
this stuff is connected to become an
issue because just like the you know
asset-backed Securities that were there
back during
2008 time frame then we found out about
this is really no different it's just on
the commercial real estate side
this is a very big concern that is just
ignored well you know what hey it's not
a problem Banks Bank bank issue is done
it's all good is it really
really we're going to ignore something
this big
the markets are looking at Nvidia the
markets are looking at these little
things that are quite frankly
insignificant in comparison to this and
so we've got to pay close attention I'm
going to bring you all the latest and
greatest details about this in fact a
whole video needs to be done about
commercial real estate and all the
intricacies around it so stay tuned for
that I'll try to bring it out this week
if I can stay tuned hit the Subscribe
right down below please look ever Grant
is one of those companies where I've
been talking to you about this saying
the market wants to see stimulus look at
that chart after plunging they open they
reopen the stock it was halted for like
a year and a half they reopen the stock
up it plunges down and then here we go
it comes around for a surge
um of course the markets love stimulus
stimulus measures everything has been uh
positive over the past couple days for
China and so that has uh really helped
to push the stock up I believe at one
point it was up over 80 percent on that
particular day so watch that also
lifting shares was commentary in China's
state-owned Securities times which uh
call for further easing of restrictions
on the property market so if they do get
their way of course this is going to
benefit them even more I've been saying
a hundred times the markets want
stimulus if they get stimulus watch that
baby go we'll see okay the indicator
called the China credit impulse which is
something I've brought to you many times
before that was looking pretty weak and
that is a very good indication of what's
going on inside of China which then has
uh you know leading effect into the
United States after a period of time
last time I checked it was pretty weak
so if they do you know do and go for the
stimulus I'd be interested to see where
we get this uh going this is part of
that though you got to understand real
estate so we've got it in China we've
got it inside of the US with commercial
real estate but there's also this other
factor and that is wework just like
people are pointed to the Airbnb I was
talking about wework as they were
failing there's just one issue about
this look a letter from wework CEO on
the next phase of wework okay
interesting what did he say
well it looks like
um kind of kind of an issue it's kind of
a big issue
um here we go in a financially
sustainable manner they're gonna have to
um you know figure out how to expand and
do well but as part of the negotiations
we expect to exit unfit an
underperforming locations and to
reinvest in our strongest assets as we
continually improve our product they are
going to sell off all of their
properties where nobody's coming in and
based on what I have seen a lot of those
properties people are not using them
they're not profitable and so that's
going to be a big issue where suddenly
the commercial real estate
is flooded flooded because they had a
lot of real estate we were kind of
surprisingly a lot real estate in some
areas so those areas are about to be
flooded
flooded the debt on those things are
they're going to be in big trouble I'm
going to follow these developments very
closely this is it I want to see what
you guessed after we're going to look at
it but it is credit card delinquencies
that is really the big concern right now
for many
and credit card delinquencies have risen
and when you were talking about
introducing student loan repayments at
this time you know that this is probably
going to get worse in the next 30 days I
will bring you updates as I can there
are issues going on in every category
and of course we've got to watch this
real close because these developments
are going to affect you but what can you
do as an individual don't just sit there
don't be idle you got to take action
what are some things well I took those
down number one you got to hold real
assets all right real estate in
improving neighborhoods you don't just
go buy around the corner from where you
are or where you think you heard is the
best or where some Guru told you you've
got to know that that is an improving
Market you got to look for permits how
many cranes are going on how much
construction is happening what is the
vacancy rate there are a lot of
different things those are available on
the Discord if you want to check them
out
um you know you've got to pay attention
to that data the actual data but also
knowing that area is very important
don't invest in what you know if what
you know is not enough
you always hear that invest in what you
know yet to a certain degree but what if
you don't really know something that's
you know profitable beneficial like what
if that you got to learn new skills
that's the point
learn new skills to get you to where you
want to be I learned e-commerce several
years ago that was a good idea you don't
have to learn e-commerce you can learn
something else but the point is
you learn the new skills to get what you
need
all right
speculating is okay but not whether it's
your whole portfolio my goodness how
many people I see doing this you can
have a risk portion of your portfolio
that's okay take risk that's fine that's
how you get to the next level but not
with your whole thing I mean come oh no
it's fine it's fine this is a trillion
dollar company don't ever do that
put that aside know what you're doing
very clearly if you want more details
you've got to get on the Discord join me
there comment of the day here it is
147 this is uh ship tj01 thank you very
much for your comments 147 dollars per
barrel before the Great Recession we're
talking about oil in this video
thank you for talking about peak oil
I've been following the subject since I
was first made aware of it in 2009 peak
oil I noticed a lot of comments about
this people were asking themselves or
asking me or asking each other Peak oh
yeah what are you talking about here
this is not real or maybe it is there's
this big debate about it but what I said
and what I want to highlight here is
that either way they're pushing us off
into this whole
environment where we're not going to be
able to do what we did before years ago
we're not going to have that freedom of
choice
things are changing rapidly and that's
why we need to be on the absolute edge
of all this information I hope you
appreciate this video if you did I hope
you'll check me out on Discord message
me link is down in the description I
will get back to you you can ask me any
question and I'll be there I'm going to
be doing all kinds of stuff on there
please stay tuned it's a work in
progress see you soon